Cheatcode Documentation Revision (#470)
foundry-rs/book: src/cheatcodes/README.md

Cheatcodes give you powerful assertions, the ability to alter the state of the EVM, mock data, and more.

> Cheatcodes are made available through use of the cheatcode address (`0x7109709ECfa91a80626fF3989D68f67F5b1DD12D`). If you encounter errors for this address when using fuzzed addresses in your tests, you may wish to exclude it from your fuzz tests by using the following line:

Reviewer: Let's add this as a note box like we do on docs elsewhere. An example can be found [here](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation) (at the bottom)

```solidity
vm.assume(address_ != 0x7109709ECfa91a80626fF3989D68f67F5b1DD12D);

> ```

Reviewer: Should be in the box mentioned in above comment)

Author: Have put > before each line - assuming this is how it works even for code renders since that's how Obsidian renders it for me.

> You can also access cheatcodes easily via `vm` available in Forge Standard Library's [`Test`](../reference/forge-std/#forge-stds-test) contract. For example, using the `prank` cheatcode to send the next call from the zero address can be done as follows:
> 
> ```solidity
> vm.prank(address(0));
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also access cheatcodes easily via `vm` available in Forge Standard Library's [`Test`](../reference/forge-std/#forge-stds-test) contract.
```

this might be a bit controversial but I don't think we need to list out the example here (can refer to the docs linked)

### Forge Standard Library Cheatcodes

> Forge-std implements 'cheatcodes' through a wrapper which combines multiple standard cheatcodes to improve development experience. These are not technically cheatcodes, but rather a composition of Forge's cheatcodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forge Std implements wrappers around cheatcodes, which combine multiple standard cheatcodes to improve development experience. These are not technically cheatcodes, but rather compositions of Forge's cheatcodes.
```

> You can view the list of Forge Standard Library's 'cheatcodes' [in the references section](../reference/forge-std/std-cheats.md) and see how each of them uses the Forge cheatcodes in the [Forge-std source code](https://github.com/foundry-rs/forge-std/blob/master/src/Test.sol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the list of Forge Standard Library's cheatcode wrappers [in the references section](../reference/forge-std/std-cheats.md). You can reference the [Forge Std source code](https://github.com/foundry-rs/forge-std/blob/master/src/Test.sol) to learn more about how the wrappers work under the hood.
```
